Speaker A: The budget then on someone who tell you that this we potentially aren't even going to run. So that's how we're going to do. Because even what we're basically trying to understand is where and when to where to park your budget. Because all of that has to come to all that equates the number of enrollments that you're supposed to get, how the quality is supposed to get. So I think that's what we basically will look at. So we come up with you for the blueprint for this. It will be very targeted and very specific. Okay.
Speaker B: All right, Sorry, I have two questions. One, have you run any ads on TikTok before?
Speaker C: It doesn't work for education.
Speaker A: I have.
Speaker C: Right. Because I have tested on my art school.
Speaker B: I see.
Speaker C: It doesn't work for. It doesn't work for education partner. But because mostly, mostly it's on a lower. Most people that are on TikToks are lower income basic. So doesn't work as well. It might as well just push the budget to Facebook.
Speaker B: Makes sense.
Speaker A: Makes sense.
Speaker B: The only thing is for TikTok now you can get a lot of free ad credits, like up to 20,000 ringgit in AD credits. So that's something we can do which could be maybe even if you get a few enrollments from there, it could be very helpful. But of course. Okay, no worries, no worries. We won't push that for sure. My second question is from Facebook and maybe Google, but mainly for Facebook, let's say do the people click on the ad and then you expect them to call you or message you? Because on the website there's no particular landing page for your website. Right. It's. I mean there's a landing page but there's no lead form for your website.
Speaker A: I have tried landing page.
Speaker C: It doesn't work. I have tried landing page last year. So this year the page is already expired. It doesn't work. Just wasted money on it.
Speaker B: Okay, so we just link to my
Speaker C: Facebook links to the WhatsApp directory.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: So we do. I think most of the things I can do by myself. No issues because we have trained by HQ and I've been running my art studio for three years now. Kindergarten is new, it's one year plus. But basically running ads, setting ads, something that we can do in house.
Speaker B: Okay. Yep. So yeah, in this case my suggestion will be both Facebook to WhatsApp and Facebook to instant forms. So that that's the best way to get high quality leads because you can do a lot of controls there in terms of getting high Quality lower?
Speaker C: I don't think so it's going to work because I quite familiar with the kind of parents which are enrolling. I see maybe somebody going to fill up but I think it's most probably going to be a hindrance for them to enroll rather than helping to enroll.
Speaker A: Got it.
Speaker B: But Facebook lead form you actually don't have to fill. It's auto, it's pre filled so you just have to click on submit. But again if you have experience and it doesn't really work then that's fine.
Speaker C: I'm guessing like from what I have seen the parents this kind of things which make it difficult for them to contact us and they just don't profit off love.
Speaker B: I see. Okay, okay, understood.
Speaker C: Because I have tried, I have tried a few things for last two years I have tried a lot of things like landing page, lot of agency. Every time they come to me they say oh we recommend it doesn't work for this kind of business or maybe some other sort of business business. It does work but particularly this which I've tried, it doesn't really work. I mean for the cost of you buying the landing page, setting up everything right matters that I pump that money on Facebook ads, I know I will get some result.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, no. I would definitely like to get take a chance and walk you through how the incent form. So a lot of the universities and schools that we're working with basically university
Speaker C: and let's say university.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker C: University, college. This is. You guys are experienced, right? Those who are applying are the kids. It is the kids, they are educated. Right. So for them it's not much problem for filling up. It takes 30 seconds. But now parents which are enrolling, okay some of them is 30 years old but a lot of them are also 40 years old and their parents, the moment they see that this kind of forms coming up they just going to stop. You guys can try like if you
Speaker A: have any opportunity, you guys can try.
Speaker C: But I think my assumption is pretty, pretty accurate.
Speaker A: Okay, okay, got it, got it. So I think is there anything else for you?
Speaker C: No, I just want to see what
Speaker A: you guys have to say.
Speaker C: Like what is the plan that you guys have.
Speaker A: So I think Mr. Ravindran, before we even like this verbally tell you, oh we're going to do this, we're going to do that. It works very specifically on data. So we will do a brand audit for you together. Before it starts to proposal we do a brand audit to identify certain areas what we think will work. And based on this conversation I think A lot of input you've shared with us. We'll come up with you with a
Speaker C: strategic proposal at the moment now I'm pairing out my Google and Facebook. The post the Google Google business thing. I'm trying to sort it out now. Make it come up number one in such as I'm doing it now.
Speaker A: Okay. Okay.
Speaker C: So that's something I'm already running. I'm already running ads as well for index.
Speaker A: Okay, got it, got it. So I think this, that, that you have, you, you, you understand the mechanism. So I think certain part Z might need some new access in certain things. So I think we just. I'll be profit you on WhatsApp then. Okay. Maybe by next week we'll get. You'll book your time again and then running through the proposal that we have in mind. Okay, good. Yeah, I think that's, that's better because I know that you know this and you want something which makes sense also.
Speaker C: So let us look through the numbers.
Speaker A: Let us come up with something that makes sense and it's strategic for you.
Speaker C: But since. Okay, to be honest, since I seen you guys, you have run quite big companies, right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: I think your guys charges is going to be high. It's not something like standalone kindergarten going to fall. No, no,
Speaker A: yeah, we understand.
Speaker C: So I think in terms of.
Speaker A: So we do have SME clients also. So we, we cater based on the clients need.
Speaker C: Last time I have a few they already. They send me proposal. Then it's like 5000 or month. Then it's like I don't feel great because I'm taking their time and they also taking my time. It's just, it's just dispatched.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. No, no, no. We are so I think, rest assured, don't worry. I think the first assurance I can give you we're not going to charge you 5,000amonth. So don't worry on that. We backwards based on the ad spend and what we think is logical for this one because it has to be a limit situation.
Speaker C: Yeah. Because if I'm spending 5,000, might as well I spend it on Facebook ads.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. We understand where you're coming from. So I think from what you. It's good that you also have a previous background in terms of dealing with this. So what your ask for from us is actually quite straightforward. You're just looking for leads and basically converting through.
Speaker C: Yeah, very straightforward. I just want enrolment, nothing much. I want enrollment. It's very simple. Right?
Speaker A: Yeah. So it's very simple for us to be asked. We're going to cut the plug. Also, we're not going to tell you. Oh. You have to do this and do that. I think it's pretty straightforward. Even Jack here is smiling because he knows that this is. I think it's a walk in the park for him. For lack of better words. Because this is something you do.
Speaker C: He does for schools.
Speaker A: He does for it university. So I think this is his for jl. So. Okay. Prepare and get back to you. Okay. Perfect. Perfect. Thank you, Mr. Ravindran. If there's anything else, please drop me a message or so. And I think before we book your time next year. So I'll let you know in advance and you might request a few access from you. Okay, thank you. Thank you, Mr. Robin. Appreciate your time.
Speaker C: Okay, thanks. Have a good day.
Speaker A: Bye. Zach.
Speaker B: Yo.
Speaker C: Hello.
Speaker A: I think it's good.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: In a way, it's a good decline. I want to say we know it's very spin.
Speaker C: Yeah, not bad.
Speaker B: Not bad. Not bad.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: I think it's something we can definitely convert. Just give you something very straight, very simple. Yeah, he just wants to lead to that. He doesn't want any fluff, any prepping. He's been.
Speaker C: Thank God he entered the IH test
Speaker A: with someone else already. So for us it's just pretty straightforward.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. Let's see. Let's. Let's take it ahead. Let's see how it goes. Okay.
Speaker A: I'll work on this with you tomorrow.
Speaker C: Okay, sounds good.
Speaker B: Sounds good.
Speaker A: Thank you, sir. Thank you.
Speaker B: Thank you. All right.
Speaker A: Bye.
Speaker C: Bye. Significant thing to have borrowed.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Close friends. So I managed to. To persuade him that I needed to work.